come call it passion anymore coffee
passion in 90 years I'm thrilled I
couldn't live without mathematics I've
been doing all my life and I enjoy doing
it an enormous Lee please carry on you
quite main passion is in the sense of a
full professional seizes a certain
ranges I can't calm spell last area
I've been still about how about that and
we're okay so if we are you're
spellbound by by Matt where is there a
point in your life when that first began
that you can remember or a point when it
really like when you decide max was
gonna be what you were going to study
what you're going to do but there's a
family historian who's amidst problem
it's like Newton and the apple tree and
so yeah when I was small we traveled a
lot and then this and my father and in
countries where they use different
currencies my father said I always
change my pocket money I made a profit
out of it I did read this yeah and so he
decided math business I didn't think I
could name a position like most boys
well I didn't want to be an Indian drive
it you know once it rather like wanted
to be a chemist I want it to be do this
to do that I only got been a
mathematician so he was right but I
didn't necessarily I enjoyed the good
Amendment had only once ever failed so
of my class that was mainly Red Cross